
> Hong Kong still has a future as China's middleman - 7.1 2019
Hong Kong has long been a conduit between China and global business and finance.
香港一直以来都是中国与全球商业和经济的管道
Now that unique status could be under threat from the gradual erosion of political freedoms.
现在这种独特的地位正受到政治自由逐步腐蚀的威胁

The annual march to mark the anniversary of Britain handling Hong Kong back to China is expected to draw huge numbers on Monday.
纪念英国将香港交还中国的年度游行预计会在星期一吸引大量的人.
It follows weeks of mass protests against a controversial extradition law that has now been shelved.
在剧烈抗议有争议的引渡条例几周后, 该条例目前已经被搁置.

The turmoil has exacerbated worries among Hong Kong business and international executives about the threat to the rule of law and
freedom of expression.
这起动乱加剧了香港商界和国际高管对于威胁法治以及言论自由的忧虑.
"The credibility of Hong Kong is now on the line," Tara Joseph, president of the American Chamber of Commerce, said earlier this month.
"香港的可信度正岌岌可危" 塔拉约瑟夫在这个月的早些时候说, 他是美国商会主席.

The events have also raised new questions about how China views Hong Kong: Does Beijing still need the city, and if so, will it back
away from confrontation that could drive business and investors away?
这起事件同样引发了新的问题--中国如何看待香港: 北京是否仍然需要这座城市? 如果需要, 它是否会在这起会赶走企业和投资者的对抗中作出让步.

By some measures, Hong Kong is much less important to China than it was in 1997, the year it was handed back by the British.
在某种程度上, 香港对于中国的作用已经没有1997年那时候那么重要了, 当时英国将香港交还中国.
Back then, Hong Kong's GDP was about 20% of the size of the mainland economy, according to the World Bank.
根据世界银行的数据, 1997年香港的GDP是中国大陆经济的20%.
It has shrunk to about 3% today.
而如今香港的GDP则是缩小成了大陆经济的3%.

The relative contraction has coincided with the rise of cities like Shanghai and Shenzhen in China, and the gradual development of
financial markets on the mainland.
这种相对收缩恰逢上海和深圳等城市的崛起, 以及大陆金融市场的逐步发展.

Hong Kong, however, continues to play a "crucial role in the development in China," according to Zhiwu Chen, finance professor with HKU.
据香港大学的金融教授陈zw说: 香港如今仍然扮演着中国发展中至关重要的一个角色.

Years ago, there was a lot of talk about Shanghai taking over Hong Kong as the global financial center in Asia. That hasn't happened yet.
几年前, 有很多说法声称上海正在取代香港成为亚洲全球金融中心. 但这仍然没有发生.

"If anything .. over the last few years, there's been a reversal, with Hong Kong playing a bigger and more visible role in finance
and other service sectors," Chen said.
"如果可能..过去几年里, 这会是一个反转, 即香港在金融和其他服务领域内可以成为一个更大的更可见的角色", 陈zw说.

Hong Kong has played a pivotal role in the opening up of China's markets by establishing connections with stock markets in Shanghai in 2014
and Shenzhen in 2016.
香港在中国市场改革开放中扮演着一个关键角色, 通过在2014年和2016年分别与上海和深圳链接股票市场.
Those links allow international investors to trade shares in both markets through brokers licensed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
这些链接使得国际投资者可以通过香港股票交易所的代理许可, 在上海和深圳两个市场中共享交易.
They also give chinese investors a way to trade hong kong stocks.
这些链接还提供中国投资者交易香港股票的一种方式.

Beyond those programs, Hong Kong continues to be an attractive place for Chinese companies to find new sources of funds.
除此之外, 香港一直都是中国企业寻找新资金来源的最有吸引力的地方.

Last year, Chinese companies raised nearly $35 billion through initial public offerings in Hong Kong, versus about $21 billion on mainland
exchanges, according to Dealogic.
据 Dealogic 的数据显示, 去年中国公司在香港首次公开发行募集资金近350亿美元, 与之相比中国大陆交易所的募集资金约为210亿美元.

Chinese tech giant Alibaba, which went public in the world's biggest ever IPO in New York in 2014, is now mulling a $20 billion secondary
listing in Hong Kong, rather than Shanghai or Shenzhen.
中国科技巨头阿里巴巴于2014年在纽约举行了全球最大首次公开募股上市, 目前正在考虑在香港进行200亿美元的二级上市, 而不是在上海或者深圳.
That fact alone, "is very telling by itself, already," said Chen.
仅此一点, 陈zw说: "已经非常具有说服力了".

In the next two decades, China is expected to invest trillions of dollars globally and Hong Kong will play a more important role than ever,
Charles Li, CEO of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, wrote in a blog post in 2017, commemorating the 20-year anniversary of the city's handover
to China.
香港股票交易所CEO查理斯李于2017年在博客文章'纪念香港回归中国20周年'写道: 在接下来的二十年, 中国预计会全面投资数万亿美元且香港将会扮演一个比以前更重要的角色.

Hong Kong was in the best position to become China's global wealth management center, helping rich Chinese invest abroad and diversity their
portfolios, and would likely become a place where the price of the Chinese yuan--which is still not fully convertible--could be
reliably determined, according to Li.
据Li说, 香港最有可能成为中国全球财富管理中心, 帮助中国的富人在国外投资以及消化他们的投资计划, 同时人民币仍无法实现自由兑换而香港也最有可能成为使人民币价格变得可靠稳定的地方.

China does not have the best reputation on the international stage right now.
目前中国在国际舞台上没有很好的声誉.

It has been accused of violating international trade norms and taking other liberties that helped its economy become the world's second largest.
它被控告违反国际贸易规范以及窃取其他文化产物, 以此帮助自己成为世界第二大经济体.
Some international companies have accused Beijing of stealing their intellectual property, and business groups have frequently complained about
restricted access to China's vast market.
一些国际企业控告北京窃取他们的知识产权, 商业集团经常抱怨中国广阔市场的准入受到限制.

"The great China market that was promised .. it turns out not to be so attractive to a number of foreign brands, so you can't write off Hong Kong,"
said Philippe Le Corre, senior fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School.
"事实证明, 诺大的中国市场承诺..并不会对一些外国品牌产生很大的吸引力, 所以你不能忽略香港" 哈佛肯尼迪学院的高级研究员PLC说.

But Le Corre is less optimistic about Hong Kong's long term prospects, saying the city's power as a financial hub was "diluted"
when China included it in a plan to create a megalopolis with eight other Chinese cities and Macau.
但LC对香港的长远前景并不乐观, 当中国将香港, 澳门和其他八个城市纳入创建大都市计划时, 香港作为金融枢纽的能力就被稀释了.

The so-called Greater Bay Area is a region Beijing hopes will grow to rival San Francisco, New York and Tokyo in terms of technological
innovation and economic success.
所谓的大湾区是一个大的区域, 北京希望以此对标旧金山, 纽约和东京湾区在科技创新和经济方面的成功.
The official narrative is that greater regional integration will drive economic growth.
中国官方认为区域更好的凝聚有利于推动经济增长.

Opponents see the region, and the bridges and roads built to connect this cities, as a way for Beijing to force assimilation and exert control.
对手认为这个区域以及链接这些城市的桥梁和道路是作为北京强迫同化和发挥控制的一种方式.
For Hong Kong, that represents 'a slow death,' Le Corre said.
对于香港, LC说这种措施代表着'一种慢性死亡'.

> Hong Kong's Carrie Lam responds to protestor takeover of government building - 7.2 2019
Carrie Lam: 'I offer my most sincere apologize to all people of Hong Kong.'
林郑月娥: '我向所有香港人致以最真诚的歉意.'
Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce: 'We hope that this will draw a line under this unfortunate episode. We are a resilient city with
a strong and well-intentioned people. It is time we move on positively.'
香港总商会: '我们希望这将为这一不幸事件划上句号. 我们是一个充满活力的, 有着强大而善良人民的城市. 我们是时候积极前进了.'

On the anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule, a large group of protestors smashed through glass doors and stormed the government
headquarters.
在香港回归中国纪念日中, 抗议者一个团体打砸玻璃门并冲撞行政总部.
The dramatic July 1 events have marked a break from Hong Kong's peaceful demonstration against a controversial extradition bill.
这次剧烈的七一事件标志着香港和平示威反对争议引渡条例活动出现了突破(更恶化了).

Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam condemned the violence in an early Tuesday morning press conference and pledged to take necessary legal action.
香港行政指挥官林郑月娥在星期二凌晨的新闻发布会中谴责暴力事件并声明会采取必要的合法行动.

'We saw two completely different scenes: one was a peaceful and rational parade .. the other one was a heartbreaking, shocking, and law-breaking
scene,' she said.
林郑月娥说: "我们看到了两个完全不同的景象: 一边是和平合理的游行 .. 而另一边则是令人心痛的, 震惊的和破坏法治的场面."

'Nothing is more important than the rule of law in Hong Kong.'
'没有什么比法治香港更加重要.'

Just hours earlier, several hundreds mostly young activists occupied the Legislative Council building for hours.
就在数小时前, 几百名大多年轻的示威者占领了立法委员会建筑几个小时.
They ransacked desks and filing cabinets and tore down portraits.
他们将办公桌和文件柜洗劫一空并撕毁肖像.
They raised a black banner, that read: 'There is no way left,' mounting an open challenge to China and to Lam.
他们举起黑色的横幅, 上面写着: '没有办法了', 公然挑战中国和香港政府.

Within minutes of protesters taking a collective decision to exit the building, police fired tear gas and used baton charges to disperse the crowd.
在几分钟内抗议者集体决定退出立法大厦, 警察释放催泪弹并用警棍驱散了人群.
Thirteen police officers were ultimately hospitalized after clashing with protesters, Police Commissioner Lo Wai-chung said Tuesday.
警察警务处处长罗伟忠周二说: '十三名警察在与抗议者发生冲突后最终被送往医院.'

'Hong Kong is safe society and none of this violence is acceptable' he said, adding 'police had no choice but to retreat' at moments.
警务处处长说: '香港是一个安全的社会, 不会容忍任何暴力行为', 随后他补充: '警队别无选择只能撤退'.

- The extradition bill that sparked public outrage 引发公众暴行的引渡条例
Monday was the 22nd anniversary of the semi-autonomous city's return to Chinese sovereignty.
星期一是这座半自治城市回归中国主权的22周年纪念日.
The date is marked annually with protests calling for greater freedoms.
每年的这个日期都会有抗议活动要求获得更大的自由权利.
This year, however, escalating anger over the extradition bill boiled over into a pointed rebuke of Chinese rule.
然而在今年, 对引渡条例不断升级的愤怒演变成对中国统治的尖锐谴责.

Critics feared the extradition bill could be used to send residents to mainland China for political or business offenses.
批判者害怕引渡条例会被用于政治或商业原因押送居民至中国大陆.
After earlier protests, the extradition bill was shelved.
在早期的几次抗议之后, 引渡条例已经被搁置.
But protests have not stopped, amid calls to scrap it completely.
但是抗议活动并未停止, 因为其中有人要求完全废除引渡条例.

Lam said Tuesday there are no plans to restart the legislative process before it expires in 2020.
林郑月娥在周二说在引渡条例于2020年失效之前没有计划重启立法流程.

Protesters' demands include the full withdrawal of the extradition bill and universal suffrage so the people have the right to vote
for their chief executive and legislative council.
抗议者们的要求包括全面撤回引渡条例和获得普选权, 以让人们有权利票选他们的首席行政长官和立法委员.

Protesters used trolleys as battering rams to bust through the entrance, pry open mental shutters and occupy the government building.
抗议者们使用手推车作为攻城槌冲破大厦入口, 撬开金属闸门并占领政府大厦.
They set up barricades and opened a line of umbrellas in an attempt to hold the complex, but left en masse shortly after midnight,
as hundreds of riot police began to descend on the site.
抗议者们设置栅栏并打开雨伞呈线型排开企图把持局面, 但午夜过后不久便集体离开了, 因为数百名防爆警察开始涌入现场.

Spray-painted messages in Cantonese and English on the walls of the legislative chamber called Lam's government a 'murderous regime'
and declared 'Hong Kong is not China'.
立法院的墙上被喷漆用粤语和英语写着林郑月娥政府是一个'残暴政权'并声明'香港不是中国'.

The protestors' siege of the Legislative Council building was starkly different than a peaceful march just one street over, on the same day,
where tens of thousands of Hong Kong citizens carried signs calling for greater democracy and an end to the extradition bill.
抗议者们围攻立法委员会大厦完全和仅一街之隔的和平示威截然不同, 同一天成千上万的香港市民带着标语要求更多的民主权利并要求终止引渡条例.

Protesters had hoped to block or interrupt an official flag raising ceremony marking the occasion, attended by Lam.
抗议者原本希望阻止或者中断有林郑月娥参加的官方升旗仪式.

The ceremony was a rare public appearance of Lam, who was recently forced to publicly apologize for the introduction of the extradition bill
last month which sparked public outrage.
这次升旗仪式是林郑月娥罕见的公开露面, 因为林郑月娥最近被迫因上个月引入引起众怒的引渡条例而向公众道歉.

In her speech at the flag-raising ceremony Monday, Lam promised to 'ease anxiety in the community, and to pave the way forward for Hong Kong.'
在周一的升旗仪式上, 林向公众保证'缓解公众焦虑, 为香港的未来铺好道路.'

Protesters occupying the Legislative Council building on Monday hoisted a British-colonial-era flag, calling for more democracy--the main demand
of the 2014 Umbrella Movement, which immobilized the city's financial district for 79 days.
抗议者们在周一占领了立法委员会大厦, 悬挂英国殖民时代的旗帜, 要求更多民主权利--2014年雨伞运动的主要需求, 该运动使香港金融业冻结了79天.

Many in Hong Kong see the extradition bill as eroding special freedoms afforded to them under the 'One Country, Two systems' model, which was
created during Hong Kong's handover from British to Chinese rule in 1997.
很多香港人将引渡条例视为在一国两制模式下侵犯了他们特殊的自由, 一国两制在1997年香港回归中国时设立.
The city maintains distinct and independent rule of law to China as part of that framework.
香港作为中国整体的一部分保持独特和独立法治.

Protesters also want to end characterizations of earlier protests as riots, and have called for the creation of an independent commission to look
into accusations of police brutality.
抗议者们也希望政府停止将早期的抗议活动定义为骚乱的做法, 同时要求建立独立委员会以调查对警察暴力行为的指控.
Many protesters are still angry over police use the tear gas and rubber bullets to force people off the streets on June 12, when protesters
successfully blocked off the city's legislature and prevented lawmakers from debating the extradition bill.
很多抗议者仍然对警察在6月12日的街道上使用催泪弹和橡胶子弹感到愤怒, 当时抗议者成功封锁了城市的立法机构并阻止了立法委员关于引渡条例展开辩论.

Beijing said on Monday that British has no responsibility toward the former colony and must stop interfering in what is a Chinese domestic affair.
北京方面于周一声明英国对于前殖民地没有任何责任并应立即停止干涉中国内政事务.
UK Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt said on Sunday that Hong Kong must maintain its 'high degree of autonomy.'
英国外交大臣杰拉米亨特周日宣称香港必须维持'高度自治'.

- Beijing stands behind controversial leader Carrie Lam 北京方面在背后支持争议中的领袖林郑月娥
While Beijing has stood by Lam, she is facing criticism from all sides for her handling of the crisis.
当北京方面正支持林郑月娥时, 她正面对着来自各方针对她对犯罪作出处理的批评.

Lams says the bill was her idea, not Beijing's, and she has taken responsibility for a rushed roll-out and failure communicate with the public.
林郑月娥说明引渡条例是她的主意而非北京方面的, 同时她表示对匆忙推出条例和与公众沟通的失败负责.

Even much of the city's business community, traditionally conservative and unwilling to get involved to politics, came out against the bill,
and some pro-government figures criticized Lam for pushing it through the legislative against proper procedure.
甚至香港市内一些原本保守不希望卷入政治的商业团体都出来反对引渡条例, 同时一些亲政人员也指出批评林郑月娥没有通过立法审批流程就推出引渡条例.

Lam justified that move as necessary in order to extradite a wanted murderer to Taiwan, but that justification was undetermined by Taipei's
statement in May that it would not accept any transfer under the controversial bill.
林郑月娥证明这一举动是有必要的, 在五月份香港需要引渡一个杀人犯到台湾而台北方面声明判定不能明确, 因为根据当时争议的法案台北不会接受任何转交罪犯.

Protests and anger over the bill reinvigorated an opposition movement that had appeared to be in the doldrums after repeated losses in the wake
of the 2014 Umbrella Movement.
对于引渡条例的抗议和愤怒使反对运动似乎在2014年雨伞运动屡次失败后又死灰复燃了.

Now Lam is facing not only continued demonstrations against the bill--and demands for her resignation--but also a return to the issue behind the
2014 protests: that Hong Kongers are not able to choose their own leader.
现在林郑月娥不但面临着持续反对条例的游行示威同时要求她主动辞职, 而且又回到了2014年抗议的问题: 香港人不再能够选择他们自己的领导者.

A key reason Beijing was keen to keep Lam in place, even if she wanted to resign, is that losing her would require choosing another chief executive
within six months.
一个关键的原因是北京方面坚持留任林郑月娥, 即使她想辞去职务, 因为若她辞职则香港需要在六个月内选出下一位首席行政长官.
Currently that is done by an election committee heavily stacked in Beijing's favor, and renewing this process would be sure to restart an angry
political debate that had been safely to kicked down the road to 2022.
目前特首选举已经按北京方面的意愿由选举委员会敲定, 已经可以安稳地走向通往2022年的道路上, 并且若重启选举肯定会再次引发民众激烈辩论.

Now that the issue seems to be coming to the fore anyway, piling more pressure on Lam and creating new headaches for her bosses in Beijing.
如今问题似乎正在浮出水面, 给林郑月娥施加了更多的压力也给她的上级北京当局创造了新的麻烦.

> These are 4 winners of the US-China trade war - 7.3 2019
Vietnam, Taiwan, Bangladesh and South Korea are coming out as victors in the US-China trade war.
越南, 台湾, 孟加拉国和南韩将成为中美贸易战中的胜利者.

Americans are buying less from China. But rather than leaning on US producers, they're avoiding President Donald Trump's tariffs by turning suppliers
in other Asian countries.
美国人从中国购买的商品越来越少. 但它们并没有依赖美国的生产商, 而是通过转向亚洲其他国家的供应商以规避特朗普总统征收的贸易关税.

The trend, which has emerged throughout more than a year of inconclusive trade negotiations between Washington and Beijing, continued through May,
according to data released Wednesday by the Census Bureau.
据人口普查局发布的数据显示, 这种趋势在华盛顿和北京仍然尚无定论的谈判下已经出现了一年, 且持续到了今年五月份.
During the first five months of the year, the United States imported 12% fewer goods from China during the same time period a year ago. But imports
from Vietnam are up 36%, and they increased 23% from Taiwan, 14% from Bangladesh and 12% from South Korea.
在今年最开始的五个月里, 美国和去年同时期一样征收中国部分商品12%的关税. 但是对越南征收36%, 对台湾提高了23%, 对孟加拉征收14%以及对南韩征收12%的关税.

Trump's tariffs have made consumer goods like baseball caps, luggage, bikes and handbags that are manufactured in China more expensive for American importers.
特朗普征收的关税使得一些中国制造的消费商品比美国国内进口的商品价格更昂贵, 比如棒球帽, 行李箱, 自行车和手提包.
The taxes also hit a variety of machinery and industrial goods, including part of dishwashers, washing machine and dryers and water filters.
这些税收同样也打击了各种机械和工业商品, 其中包括洗碗机, 洗衣机, 烘干机和滤水器.

Trump said last week that talks like 'back on track' and new tariffs are on hold after meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the G20 conference in Japan.
特朗普说上周在G20峰会与中国主席习近平会面后, 双方交涉将回到正轨且新的关税政策将会搁置.

But American business owners were startled in May when the administration escalated tariffs on $200 billion of goods to 25% from 10%, arguing that China
reneged on previous agreements.
但是当政府机构在五月份对200亿商品的关税从10%升级到25%时, 美国企业家们错愕了, 认为中国违背了以前的协议.
Trump also threatened to impose new tariffs on remaining Chinese imports, which would hit smartphones, toys, footwear and fish.
特朗普同样威胁在中国剩余的进口中征收新的关税, 这将会打击智能手机, 玩具, 鞋类和鱼类等行业.

The president has suggested that Beijing will agree to a deal because the tariff he's imposed on Chinese goods are driving away business.
特朗普总统建议北京当局同意这次交易, 因为他对中国商品加征的关税正在推动着中国企业的发展.

'China is getting absolutely decimated by companies that are leaving China, going to other countries, including our own,' he said in an interview with CNBC last month.
特朗普上个月在CNBC的一次采访中说道: '中国正在被瓦解因为很多企业离开中国转移到其他国家, 其中包括我们美国的企业'.

But it's unclear whether companies are permanently shifting production outside China, or simply rerouting goods for minimal processing before being shipped to the United States.
但不确定企业是否会永久地将生产线撤出中国, 或者只是简单地在被装船发货到美国之前进行最小程度的处理.
Vietnam's customs agency said that it would start cracking down the goods of Chinese origin illegally relabeled 'Made in Vietnam' by business attempting
to avoid the US tariffs, according to a report from Reuters.
据路透社报道, 越南海关机构说明将会严厉打击那些原产于中国但被非法贴上'由越南制造'标签的商品, 这些商品企图通过这种方式规避美国关税.

It's not always easy to find suppliers outside China that can manufacture the same good with the same quality and for a cheaper price.
在中国之外寻找能够制造同样物美价廉商品的供应商是很不容易的.
It's a process that could take months, or even years.
这个过程可能需要几个月, 甚至几年.
Instead, an importer may decide to eat the cost, betting that Trump will lift the tariffs sooner rather than later.
然而, 进口商可能选择去承受贸易站期间的损失, 在赌着特朗普会尽快解除这些关税.
They can also choose to pass the cost on to consumers for the time being.
他们也可以选择将这些损失暂时转到消费者身上.

Missouri-based Cap America imports a majority of its baseball caps from China and embroiders them in the United States.
密苏苏里州的Cap America从中国进口了大量的棒球帽然后在美国本土对这些棒球帽加工刺绣.
The company is trying a new supplier in Bangladesh to avoid the tariffs, but those orders will only make up about 20% of total imports
this year as they test the quality.
该企业尝试从孟加拉国引入新的供应商以规避关税, 但在今年那些订单只占了总进口量的20%, 因为他们还在测试产品的质量.

'You can't just snap your fingers and switch production. It's a definite process,' said CEO Phil Page.
CEO菲尔佩奇说: '你不能动动手指就能切换这些生产线, 这是一个明确的过程.'

About 40% of companies surveyed in May by the American Chamber of Commerce and its counterpart in Shanghai said they are considering or have already
relocated some manufacturing outside of China because of the tariffs.
大约40%的企业在五月份都在被美国商会调查, 同时他们在上海的竞争对手说他们正在考虑甚至已经将一些制造业重新设立在中国之外的地方以规避关税.
For those that have moved production, about a quarter shifted to Southern Asia.
对于那些已经转移生产线的企业, 其中大约有四分之一转移到了亚洲南部.
Fewer than 6% said they have relocated or are considering relocating to the United States.
只有不到6%的企业表示他们已经重新设立或者正在考虑将企业重新设立在美国.

While imports from countries outside China have significantly increased this year, some production was already moving outside of China to places with
even lower wages long before Trump began imposing tariffs.
如今从中国之外的国家的进口数量在显著提高, 一些生产线已经转移到了中国之外的地区, 甚至这些地区的员工薪资比特朗普征税之前更低.
US imports from countries like Vietnam and South Korea have been steadily increasing over the past decade as those countries have ramped up
manufacturing of apparel and electronics, respectively.
美国从一些像越南和南韩这样的国家进口的商品数量在过去的十年中稳定增长, 因为越南的服装制造业和韩国的电子业都在飞速地崛起.

Taiwan and South Korea are more focus in high-tech items like semiconductors, but Vietnam and Bangladesh still offer competitive wages--making item
attractive places to make consumer items like apparel and shoes.
台湾和南韩更加注重高科技产品的产品, 如半导体, 但越南和孟加拉国仍提供有竞争力的薪资水平--这使得服装和鞋类等消费品的生产地更具有吸引力.

Correction: The headline has been updated to correctly characterize the places that are mentioned in this article.

> A guide to 4th of July for non-Americans - 7.4 2019
All across America on July 4, men in red, white and blue tank tops dust off their grills, children chunk exploding paper wrappers in cul-de-sacs,
and patriotic-themed commercials take over the airwaves.
七月四日, 全美人都穿着红色, 白色和蓝色的背心掸去烤架上的灰尘, 小孩们扔掉爆炸的包装纸并且爱国主题的商业广告充斥着电视.
It's Independence Day.
这就是独立日.
If you grew up elsewhere and already through American customs were a bit odd, here's what you need to know about this important holiday.
如果你在其他地方长大并且已经认为美国的传统有点奇怪, 那你需要知道这些关于这个重大节日的东西.

- Why the Fourth of July?   为什么是七月四日
On July 4, 1776, the Declaration of Independence was adopted by the Continental Congress, two days after a vote on whether to separate from the UK.
在1776年的七月四日, 大陆会议在一次投票后的第三天接受了'独立宣言', 这次投票确定大陆是否从英国中脱离出来.
The Declaration, drafted by Thomas Jefferson (Who eventually became President and who died on the Fourth), is basically America's birth certificate,
declaring the US separate from British power.
独立宣言由托马斯杰弗森起草(杰弗森最终成为美国总统且是在7月4日逝去), 这份宣言是美国正式诞生的证明, 宣告美国从此脱离英国的统治.

Though these Founding Fathers signed the document in the 1700s, Independence Day didn't officially become a holiday until 1870, and it becomes
a federal paid one in 1941.
虽然这些开国元勋是在1700年签署文档, 但独立日直到1870年才成为公众假期, 且在1941年成为联邦法定假日.
So you can think of the Fourth as a giant nationwide birthday party for which we use giant candles that explode violently in the sky.
所以你可以将七月四日想象成一个盛大的全国性的生日聚会, 我们会用可以在空中爆炸的巨型蜡烛来庆祝这次聚会.

- Why the phrase 'land of free, home of brave'?     为什么是这句'自由之地, 勇气之家'
This line comes from the nation anthem, 'The Star-Spangled Banner,' which was written by Francis Scott Key.
这一句出自FSK所写的国歌'星条旗'.
If you listen to the lyrics closely, you'll note that the song recounts the events of the Fort McHenry bombardment in 1814.
如果你仔细听歌词, 你会注意到这首歌在叙述着1814年麦克亨利堡炮击事件.
In 1931, it was named the national anthem. Don't worry, you don't have to memorize the whole thing; humming along works fine for many Americans.
在1931年, 这首歌被命名为国歌. 不要担心, 你不需要记住所有这些东西, 大多数美国人也只是会哼唱而已.

- What's with all the hot dogs?     为什么所有东西都有热狗
Hot dogs became extremely popular in the United States in the late 19th century. These bad boys are now a staple food at an July 4th cookout.
19世纪末, 热狗在美国变得非常流行. 这些坏东西现在是独立日的主食.
Americans consumed at least 150 million hot dogs on the Fourth last year, according to the National Hot Dog and Sausage Council.
据全国热狗与香肠理事会数据显示, 美国人在去年的独立日中消耗了至少1.5亿条热狗.

- Why do we blow things up?     为什么我们要炸东西
Fireworks were brought to the United States initially by Italian immigrants who settled here in the late 19th century.
烟花最初是由19世纪末定居美国的意大利移民所带来.
Now, America consumes fireworks in massive quantities in honor of this holiday, importing over 250 million pounds of consumer-brand and display
fireworks in 2017, according to the American Pyrotechnics Association.
而现在, 据美国烟花协会发布, 美国为了纪念独立日会消耗大量的烟花, 在2017年就进口了超过2.5亿磅的消费者品牌和观赏型烟花.

But fireworks actually have a much deeper history here than you may think. Our history of making things go 'boom' in celebration dates to 1777,
a year after independence was declared.
但是烟花的历史实际上比你想象的可能还要更深. 我们在独立日炸东西的历史可以追溯到1777年, 那是我们宣布独立之后第一年.
That year, a Philadelphia celebration included 13 fireworks set off on the Commons in honor of the 13 colonies.
那年, 费城庆典为了纪念13个部落而在下议院点燃了13个烟花.

- How else do Americans celebrate?  美国人还会怎样庆祝
It would be easier to count the ways we don't find a way to celebrate in the name of the Fourth.
很容易就能算出有哪些方式, 我们不会以独立日之名的方式来庆祝.
Grilling, picnics, festivals, parades: There are events held across the nation in its honor.
烧烤, 野餐, 节日, 游行: 全国各地都会举办这些活动.

In Atlanta, folks make room for all that grilled food by running in the AJC Peach tree Road Race, the world's largest 10K.
在亚特兰大, 民间会参加AJC桃树路比赛来为烧烤腾出空间, 这个比赛是世界上最大的10公里比赛.
And at New York's Coney Island, the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest is practically its own holiday.
还有纽约科尼岛, 内森吃热狗比赛几乎是它自己的节日.

- I'm in the US. Where can I go to join in on the fun?  我在美国, 我可以去哪里参加这个有趣的活动
There are plenty of ways to get your Fourth on, whether it's a traditional parade or weirder adventure of celebration.
有很多方式去加入独立日庆典活动里面, 不管是传统的游行还是怪异着装庆典.
A lot of small parades are run by local fire departments and schools, so check there for upcoming events.
当地部门和学校也会举行很多小游行, 所以看看那些地方有没有即将开始的活动.
Many fireworks shows are staged from downtown areas, follow the long line of slow-moving cars headed that direction.
很多烟花展览也会在市中心上演, 跟着那些长长的车队方向走就是了.

> Boris Johnson refuses to rule out firing ambassador who criticized Trump - 7.10 2019
Boris Johnson, the favorite to succeed Theresa May as British Prime Minister, has refused to rule out firing the UK ambassador to Washington
who provoked the ire of US President Donald Trump.
鲍里斯约翰逊, 最有希望接任特蕾莎梅成为英国首相, 他拒绝遵守开除引起美国总统特朗普愤怒的英国驻华盛顿大使.

In a television debate on Tuesday, UK Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt, who is standing against Johnson for the leadership of the Conservative Party,
reiterated his support for kim darroch, who was revealed in leaked cables to have criticized trump as 'inept' and 'incompetent,' among other things.
在周二的一次电视讨论中, 作为保守党领导反对约翰逊的英国外交大臣杰米尔亨特, 重申了他对金达雷克的支持, 达雷克在泄漏的电报中被揭露批评特朗普'笨拙的和无能的'.
'I will keep Darroch until he's due to retire,' he said.
杰米尔亨特说: '我会保留达雷克直到他要退休为止'.

Johnson, a former Foreign Secretary, refused to go out on a limb about whether he would decide to keep Darroch on.
约翰逊, 前英国外交大臣, 拒绝表露他是否会支持达雷克.
'I won't be so presumptuous as to assume that I'm going to be in a position to take that,' he said.
他说: '我不会如此狂妄的去假设我可以接受这件事'.

'It is vital that our civil service is not politicized by people leaking what they say,' Johnson also said.
约翰逊还说: '重要的是, 我们政府的公务人员不能由于泄漏言论而被政治化'.
'Whoever leaked that deserves to be eviscerated.'
'不管谁泄漏了言论都应该被揪出来'.

Johnson is currently seen as the frontrunner in the race, after May was effectively toppled by her own lawmakers for falling to deliver on Brexit.
当梅由于其脱欧失败而被绊倒之后, 约翰逊目前被当作首相竞选的领跑者.
He is expected to seek to forge a much closer relationship to Trump than May, who made strenuous efforts to court the President and
developed a respectful relationship but never really bonded with him politically.
他期望与特朗普建立一个比梅与特朗普更亲近的关系, 梅做了很大的努力去追随特朗普总统且发展了一种相互尊重的两国关系, 但并没有真正从政治上建立联系.

- 'Very wacky'
Earlier in the day, in a series of tweets, Trump had branded Kim Darroch as a 'wacky' and 'very stupid guy' after the British envoy criticized Trump
in diplomatic cables that were leaked to the Daily Mail over the weekend.
早些时候, 由于英国大使于周末被每日邮报泄漏的外交电报中批评特朗普, 随后在一连串的推特中特朗普将金达雷克标为'古怪'和'非常愚蠢的家伙'.

Trump also took him at Theresa May, describing the Prime Minister's handling of Brexit as 'a disaster!'
特朗普也抨击了特蕾莎梅, 称首相对脱欧的处理是'一场灾难'!
Hunt quickly responded by lashing out, describing Trump's public criticism of the UK ambassador to the US as 'disrespectful and wrong.'
亨特很快回以抨击, 称特朗普公开批评英国驻美国大使是'很不尊重和错误的'.
He also said that he would keep Darroch in post if he became British's leader, and suggesting that Trump's comments were hypocritical.
他同样也说道, 如果他当上英国首相, 将会继续留任达雷克, 同时认为特朗普的评价是虚伪的.

- Tweet
@realDonaldTrump friends speak frankly so I will: these comments are disrespectful and wrong to our Prime Minister and my country.
特朗普朋友说的很坦率所以我也坦率: 这些评论对于我们的首相和国家是很不尊重和错误的.
Your diplomats give their private opinions to [Secretary of State Mike Pompeo] and so do ours!
你的外交官也对国务卿迈克彭佩奥发表了个人意见所以我们也这样做!
You said the UK/US alliance was the greatest in history and I agree but allies need to treat each other with respect as
@theresa_may has always done with you.
你说美国和英国是历史上最伟大的盟友而我也同意, 但是联盟需要互相尊重彼此就像特蕾莎梅一直对你那样.
Ambassador are appointed by the UK government and if I become PM our ambassador stays.' Hunt tweeted Tuesday.
英国大使由英国政府委任, 如果我成为首相那么大使将会继续留任.

Hunt's defense of Darroch came amid growing speculation around whether the ambassador can remain in his position if the White House freezes him out.
亨特为达罗可辩护之际, 外界越来越多的猜测如果白宫方面停止英国大使的事务, 达雷克是否还会继续留在他的位置.
Darroch decided not to attend a meeting with Ivanka Trump on Tuesday following the President's criticism of him, a source told CNN.
有消息来源称: 在总统对达雷克作出批评之后, 他决定不出席周二与特朗普伊凡卡的会议.

- 'inept' and 'incompetent'
The deepening diplomatic crisis began over the weekend, when the Daily Mail published a series of cables sent from Darroch back to London.
外交危机的恶化于周末开始, 当时每日邮报公布了一系列由达雷克发回伦敦的电报.
In the messages, Darroch called Trump 'inept,' 'insecure,' and 'incompetent.'
在那些电报消息中, 达雷克称特朗普'笨拙', '靠不住'和'无能'.
He said the President career could 'end in disgrace' and even said of alleged collusion with Russia that 'the worst cannot be ruled out.'
他说特朗普的总统生涯将会'以耻辱告终'并且也在特朗普被指和俄罗斯勾结一事上'不能排除最坏的情况'.

A UK government source told CNN the memos described in the Mail, which span the period between 2017 to present day, were genuine.
英国政府消息人士告诉CNN, 邮件中所描述的内容是真的, 时间跨度从2017年至今.

British officials spent the weekend trying to do damage control after the messages leaked, as their White House counterparts downplayed Darroch's comments.
英国官方在消息泄漏后尝试利用周末控制造成的损害, 而他们的白宫同行对达罗可的言论轻描淡写.

On Monday, Trump tweeted that his administration would 'no longer deal with' Darroch, and said that he did not know the envoy, despite the fact the two men have met multiple times,
including on Trump's recent state visit to Britain.
在周一, 特朗普发推说他的政府'将不再与达雷克打交道', 还说他不知道这个大使, 尽管事实是他们两个人已经见了很多次, 包括特朗普最近在英国的国事访问.

In a sign that he is now out in the cold, the ambassador, who had contacts throughout the administration, was disinvited from a dinner with Trump, the Emir of Qatar and Treasury Secretary
Steven Mnuchin on Monday night.
有迹象表示特朗普正在冷落达雷克, 达雷克始终与政府保持联系, 但是没有被邀请参加特朗普, 卡塔尔的埃米尔和财政部长史蒂芬姆努钦的晚餐.

Darroch was originally scheduled to attend a meeting Tuesday between Ivanka Trump and UK international Trade Secretary Liam Fox, but decided not to go following Trump's tweets attacking him,
a source familiar with Darroch's plans told CNN.
据熟悉达雷克计划的消息人士告诉CNN, 达雷克本来是被安排参加周二伊凡卡特朗普和英国国际贸易部长利亚姆福克斯的会议, 但在特朗普发推特攻击他之后就决定不去参加这次会议.

'It was the ambassador's decision not to attend. He did not want to put Ivanka Trump in a difficult position,' said the source, who asked not to be named due to the delicate diplomatic situation
between the US and the UK.
消息人士说: '大使决定不去参加这次会议, 他不希望让伊凡卡特朗普处于一个尴尬的立场'. 该消息人士由于当前美国和英国的微妙外交处境而不希望透露名字.

> A Delta flight was forced to make an emergency landing when one of the plane's engines failed - 7.11 2019
Passengers were praying and trying to text family members in the moments before a Delta Air Lines flight made an emergency landing in North Carolina.
在达美航空公司一次航班迫降北卡罗莱纳之前, 飞机上的旅客正一边祈祷一边试着用短信联系他们的家人.

'After we heard the boom we just saw all this smoke come up into the cabin, and that's when we really started freaking out,' passenger Avery Porch told
CNN affiliate WMAR.
艾弗里帕奇告诉CNN: '我们听到爆炸声然后就看到所有的烟雾都涌进了客舱里, 然后我们就真的被吓坏了.'
'It started slowing down a little bit, it started getting hot (and) air cut off.'
飞机开始变得慢了一些, 客舱开始变得热了起来而且客舱的空气供应被切断了.

Nealy 150 passengers on Delta flight 1425 were headed from Atlanta to Baltimore on Monday when one of the aircraft's engines had a problem, the airline said.
航空公司发布声明: '在周一, 达美航空公司一架飞机其中一个引擎发生故障, 当时机上有将近150名旅客正打算乘坐1425航班从亚特兰大飞往巴特摩尔'.

A video recorded by a passenger shows how a metal nose cone was bouncing inside the engine as the aircraft was in the air.
一位旅客的录像记录了飞机飞行时一个金属鼻罩掉进了引擎里面.

Passengers said they were more than an hour into the flight when the captain told them they were planing an emergency landing.
旅客说: '飞机出事超过了一个小时之后机长才告诉我们, 他们正打算进行迫降'.

'I just pulled down my phone and I knew I didn't have service but I just texted my mom ... I love you,' Porch's boyfriend, Tyler Kreuger, told CNN.
帕奇的男朋友泰勒克鲁格告诉CNN: '我就拿出我的手机然后我知道没有信号但我还是发短信给我妈妈..说我爱你'.

'After, the cabin filled with smoke and seat belt signs went on and off, and you could smell something was burning. Everyone seemed confused.
No one knew what was going on,' the passenger said.
'之后, 机舱就开始充满了烟雾且安全带的信号在闪烁, 你可以闻到有东西正在烧着. 大家看起来都不知所措.'
'Flight attendants were going around telling us how to prepare for landing. They kept everybody calm.'
'航班上的服务员在机上到处走动告诉我们要怎样准备迫降. 他们让大家都冷静下来.'

The MD-88 aircraft landed safely about 2:20 p.m. at Raleigh-Durham International Airport, a spokesperson with the Federal Aviation Administration said.
据联邦航空管理局一位发言人说: 'MD-88 飞机在下午两点二十分安全迫降在罗利达勒姆国际机场'.

'I'm so grateful for the crew and pilots for letting us land safely,' the passenger told CNN.
旅客告诉CNN: '非常感激机上所有工作人员和飞行员让我们安全降落了.'

After the landing, passengers were booked on alternative flights to Baltimore.
在着陆之后, 旅客可以改乘其他航班继续飞往巴特摩尔.
Delta said the aircraft's engine has been replaced and the plane was expected to return to service Wednesday morning.
达美航空公司发布声明, 该飞机的引擎已经被更换并且预计将在周三上午恢复飞行服务.

The airline's maintenance team in Atlanta is expected to evaluate the damaged part.
航空公司的维修团队在亚特兰大预计将评估本次受损部分.

> A small glass of juice or soda a day is linked to increased risk of cancer, study finds - 7.11 2019
There's more bad news for fans of sugary drinks such as soda and fruit juice.
对于那些喜欢喝苏打水和果汁之类含糖饮料的人来说, 还有更坏的消息.

A new study has linked drinking just a small glass of a sugary drink per day--100 ml, about a third of typical can of soda--to an 18% increase
in overall cancer risk and a 22% increase in risk for breast cancer.
一项新的研究表明每天只喝一小杯(比如100ml, 差不多普通杯子三分之一的量)含糖饮料, 会提高18%的患症风险和22%患乳腺癌的风险.

The research, which looked at more than 100,000 French adults, links consumption of sugary drinks to an increased risk of some cancers.
研究调查了超过10万法国成年人, 将消耗含糖饮料与提高患某些癌症的风险联系了起来.
This follows a recent study linking sugary beverage consumption to greater risk of premature death.
这项研究是在最近一项分析消耗含糖饮料和增加过早死亡风险之间关系的研究之后.

'The results indicate statistically significant correlations between the consumption of sugar-sweetened drinks and risk of all cancers combined,
and of breast cancer,' said Ian Johnson, nutrition researcher and emeritus fellow, Quadram Institute Bioscience, who wasn't involved in the research.
'研究结果表示含糖饮料的消耗和所有癌症, 乳腺癌之间在统计学上具有明显的关联关系.' 伊恩约翰逊说, 他是Quadram生物科学研究所的营养学研究者和退休人员, 并没参与此项研究.

'Surprisingly perhaps, the increased risk of cancer in heavier consumers of sugary drinks was observed even among consumers of pure fruit juice --
this warrants more research,' Johnson told the Science Media Centre in the UK.
'也许令人惊讶的是, 即使在纯果汁的消费者中, 重度摄入高糖饮料的消费者患癌症的风险也有所增加', 约翰逊告诉英国科学媒体中心.

Mathilde Touvier, lead author of the study which was published Wednesday in medical journal BMJ, said that the findings added to research showing
that reducing how many sweetened beverages we drink would be beneficial for our health.
MT, 周三在医学期刊发布该项研究的主要作者, 她说这个发现进一步表明减少糖份饮料的摄入对我们的健康有益.

'What we observed was that the main driver of the association seems to be really the sugar contained in these sugary drinks,' said Touvier, who is
the research director of the Nutritional Epidemiology Research Team of the National Health and Medical Research Institute at the Paris 13 University.
'我们调查发现这种联系的主要驱动力似乎取决于糖分饮料中的实际含糖量', 图维耶说, 她是巴黎第十三大学国家健康与医学研究机构营养流行病学团队的调查主任.

Touvier said her team observed that sugar seemed to be the main driver of the link.
图维耶说她的团队观察认为糖分似乎是这种联系的主要驱动力.

'High sugary drinks consumption is a risk factor for obesity and weight gain,' she said, and, 'obesity is in itself a risk factor for cancer.'
她说: '高糖饮料的摄入是肥胖和体重增加的一个危险因素', 同时还说到: '肥胖本身就是致癌的一个危险因素.'

Another possibility is that additives, such as 4-methylimidazole, which is found in drinks that contain caramel coloring, could play a role in cancer formation.
另外一个可能则是添加剂, 比如4-甲基咪唑, 被发现存在于那些含有焦糖色素的饮料中, 这种添加剂也可能在癌症的形成过程中产生作用.

Touvier suggested that people should stick to public health guidelines that recommending limiting sugary drinks to a maximum of one glass a day.
图维耶建议大家应该严格遵守公共健康引导, 建议限制每天最多只喝一杯含糖饮料.

The America Beverage Association did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment on the study.
美国饮料协会没有很快回应CNN就该项研究发表意见.

- No link found with diet sodas 没有迹象表明苏打水也有关系
The researcher found no link between diet beverages and cancer.
研究者发现无糖饮料和癌症没有联系.
The authors warned that this founding should be interpreted with caution, as this type of beverage had a relatively low consumption among the study participants.
作者提醒这个发现应该被谨慎解读, 因为这种类型的饮料在研究参与者中也有相对低量的摄入.

A study published earlier this year found that drinking two or more of any kind of artificially sweetened drink a day was linked to an increased risk
of clot-based strokes, heart attack and early death in women over 50.
一项研究发表称早些年发现每天喝两种或以上的人造糖饮料对于增加基于血块堵塞中风, 心脏病和超过50岁妇女过早死亡的风险有关系.

However, Catherine Collins, a dietician in the UK's National Health Service, said that the absence of cancer risk in using diet drinks was
the 'take-home message' of the research.
然而, 英国国家健康服务的营养师卡塞琳娜科林说, 饮用无糖饮料没有致癌风险是这项研究的关键信息.

'For too long the nutri-myth of sweeteners being a health risk has remained in popular culture,' she told the Science Media Centre in the UK.
'很长一段时间里甜味剂的营养神话在流行的文化中是一种健康危险', 她告诉英国科学媒体中心.

'All current sweeteners in use have been through rigorous safety testing before being acceptable for human use,' said Collins, who was not involved in the study.
'所有现代在使用的甜味剂都是已经在投入使用之前经过了严格的安全测试', 科林说, 她没有参与这项研究.

- There's more work to be done  还有更多东西需要研究
For the new study, the research team looked at 101,257 healthy French adults--79% women and 21% men who participated in the ongoing French NutriNet-Sante study.
对于新研究, 研究团队观察101,257名健康的法国成年人--在这些参与即将进行的法国营养网络健康研究的人员中包括79%的女性和21的男性.

Participants, who were on average 42 years old, filled out at least two questionnaires and were followed over a nine-year period.
参与者的年龄平均在42岁, 最少填写两份调查问卷且进行为期9年的跟踪调查.
Their consumption of sugary drinks was gauged by participants submitting at least two 24-hours diet recall questionnaires, which asked
about their usual intake of 3,300 different food and drink items.
他们含糖饮料的摄入测量将会由参与者递交至少两份二十四小时饮食记忆调查问卷, 这份问卷询问他们对于三千三百种不同的食物和饮料种类的日常摄入量.

Daily consumption of sugary drinks--sugar-sweetened beverages and 100% fruit juices--and artificially sweetened or diet beverages were calculated
and first cases of cancer reported by participants were validated by medical records and linked with health insurance national databases.
含糖饮料的每日摄入--高糖饮料和百分百的果汁--和人工甜味剂或无糖饮料都会计算, 同时参与者报告的第一例癌症将会通过医学记录校验且与健康保险国家数据库关联起来.

On average, men consumed more sugary drinks than women--90.3 ml daily compared to 74.6 ml.
一般男性会比女性摄入更多的含糖饮料--男性每日的摄入量约为90.3毫升相对于女性则是74.6毫升.
Risk factors for cancer, such as age, sex, education level, family history of cancer, smoking status and physical activity, were considered in the study.
癌症的危险因素, 例如年龄, 性别, 教育程度, 家族患癌史, 吸烟状态和身体活动, 都会在研究中涉及到.

During the study's follow-up period, a total of 2,193 first case of cancer were diagnosed, at the average age of 59 years.
在研究跟踪周期中, 诊断出第一例癌症的人员总数是2193名参与者, 他们的平均年龄是59岁.
Of these, 693 were breast cancers, 291 were prostate cancer cases and 166 were colorectal cancers.
在这些诊断出癌症人员中, 693人患有乳腺癌, 291人是前列腺癌病例和166人是结直肠癌.

However, this study is observational and doesn't show cause and effect.
然而, 这项研究是观察性的且没有展示病因和作用.

That's a major limitation, researchers say, as it's impossible to determine whether the association is due to a type of beverage or another hidden health issue.
这是一个主要有局限的地方, 研究者说, 因为不可能确认患癌是饮料的种类还是其他健康问题所导致的.

'While this study doesn't offer a definitive causative answer about sugar and cancer, it does add to overall picture of the importance of
the current drive to reduce our sugar intake,' said Amelia Lake, reader in public health nutrition at Teesside University.
'虽然这项研究并没有提供关于糖分和癌症之间明确的因果关系, 但它确实让我们更加全面地认识到当前努力减少糖份摄入的重要性', 蒂塞德大学公共健康营养学的学者阿梅利亚雷克说.

'Clearly there is more work to be done and measuring dietary intake is challenging, however, the message from the totality of evidence on excess sugar
consumption and various health outcomes is clear--reducing the amount of sugar in our diet is extremely important,' Lake told the Science Media Centre
in the UK. She was not involved in the current study.
'很明显还有更多工作需要完成, 需要测量膳食吸收是具有挑战性的, 然而过量糖份摄入和各种健康结果整体的证据信息是很清晰的--在我们的饮食中减少糖份数量是极其重要的' 雷克告诉...

> Trump backs away from census citizenship question, orders agencies to hand over citizenship information to Commerce - 7.12 2019
President Donald Trump retreated from his quest to add a question about US citizenship to the 2020 census on Thursday, declaring instead he would
ask government agencies to provide records that could determine a head-count of citizens without polling census-takers directly.
特朗普总统在周四撤回了在2020年人口普查中增加调查美国公民身份的问题, 反而宣称他将会要求政府机构提供记录, 可以在不直接对普查人员进行民意调查的情况下确定公民人数统计.

The turnaround comes after Trump repeatedly said he would continue fighting to insert the question despite a Supreme Court ruling that dealt a blow
to the effort last month.
这个反转出现在特朗普重复说明他会持续和插入调查作斗争之后, 尽管最高法院上个月裁定这只是在白费力气.
It reflects legal reality intersecting with Trump's desire to bolster his image as an immigration hard-lines as he moves ahead with his 2020 reelection bid.
这反映了

> A Look inside the most crowed transit lines in the world - 7.17 2019
To some, crowed train cars and cramped buses seem like a sign of bad public transportation system.
对于某些人而言, 拥挤的火车车厢和狭窄的公交车似乎意味着糟糕的公共交通系统.
In reality however, they may be the mark of great one.
然而真正的现实是, 这些现象可能是不错的.

Last month, Google released rankings of most crowed transit lines across the world and rankings of the most crowed lines in several major cities.
上个月, 谷歌发布了世界上最拥挤交通线路的排行和几个主要城市最拥挤线路的排行.
These ranking are based on data aggregated from user reports filed between October 2018 and June 2019, and coincided with an update to
the company's Google Maps application that predicts how crowed transit lines will be at a specific time of day.
这些排行基于2018年10月到2019年6月用户提交的报告文件数据汇总, 并与公司的谷歌地图应用更新同时进行, 该应用可预测在每天的指定时间内交通线路会有多拥挤.

Two South American cities, Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Sao Paulo, Brazil, dominated the top 10 list, with three transit lines
from each city appearing in the ranking.
两个南美城市, 阿根廷的布宜诺斯艾利斯和巴西的圣保罗占据了最拥挤交通线路前10排行榜单, 这两个城市每个都有三条交通路线上榜.
The top four consisted of two lines from each city: Buenos Aires' Urquiza line was ranked the No.1 most crowed transit route and the city's
Line A was ranked No.3, while Sao Paulo Line 11 (Coral) and Line 8 (Diamond) were ranked two and four, respectively.
排行最高那四个路线由每个城市两条路线构成: 布宜诺斯艾利斯的乌奎萨路线是排名第一的最拥挤路线而路线A排名第三, 同时圣保罗的线路11(珊瑚线)和线路8(钻石线)的排名分别是第二和第四.
Other lines that made the top 10 were in Paris, New York City and Tokyo.
排行榜上其他最拥挤路线则在巴黎, 纽约和东京这些城市中.

Although Google did not provide the statistics the rankings were based on, information from the companies that operate Buenos Aires and Sao
Paulo's commuter rail systems show the lines are widely used by residents.
虽然谷歌没有提供排行所依据的统计数据, 但从控制布宜诺斯艾利斯和圣保罗的通勤铁路系统的信息显示, 这两个路线被城市居民广泛使用.
A 2018 report from Metrovias, the company that owns and operates the Buenos Aires Underground, states that last year the metro transported
more that 338 million people, equivalent to roughly 1.3 million people every day.
据拥有和运营布宜诺斯艾利斯地铁公司在2018年的报告说明, 上一年交通输送了超过三亿三千八百万名旅客, 也即每天运输大约一百三十万名旅客.
The city's busiest line--the Urquiza line--transports more that 75,000 people every day.
布宜诺斯艾利斯最繁忙的线路, 即乌奎萨线路, 每天运输超过七万五千名旅客.

Sao Paulo's most crowded lines are operated by the Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos, or CPTM, an above-ground railroad service
distinct from the city's underground metro system.
圣保罗最拥挤的线路是由CPTM所运营, 不同于城市地下交通系统, 这家公司运营的是地面铁路交通.
According to the company's website, the system's seven lines collectively service roughly 2.8 million people on an average working day.
据公司网站显示, 系统中的七条线路在日常工作日中总计服务大约两百八十万名旅客.
The Coral line transports 752,800 passengers a day, while the Diamond and Emerald lines transport 521,000 and 613,000, respectively.
珊瑚线路每天运输七十五万两千八百名旅客, 同时钻石线路和翡翠线路分别运输五十二万一千名和六十一万三千名旅客.

Besides being widely used, the other thing that these transit systems have in common is that they're very modern.
除了被广泛使用, 其他用途像这些交通系统都有共同之处, 就是非常现代化.
Buenos Aires is in the process of adding 24.4 miles to the metro and 56 stations, ensuring that about 70% of the city's population
will live within .2 miles of a metro system.
布宜诺斯艾利斯正在为地铁添加24.4英里路程和56个站点, 确保城市百分之七十的居民都可以在地铁系统0.2英里内生活.

Meanwhile, Sao Paulo's CPTM lines cover 169.6 miles, and services people not just in the city itself but in the greater Sao Paulo area,
which is part of the reason why it has such high user rates.
与此同时, 圣保罗CPTM公司的交通线路覆盖169.6公里, 不仅仅服务于城市本身的居民, 还涉及到更广泛的圣保罗地区, 这也是为什么它的线路可以如此高的旅客使用率的原因之一.
To accommodate demand CPTM has been expanding, introducing a new line just as recently as last year.
出于CPTM已经扩展的要求, 该公司正如去年这个时候一样引入一条新的线路.
Sao Paulo's lines being crowed has less to do with the system itself and more to do with the size of the city's population; with more than
12 million residents, Sao Paulo is the 12-th most populous city in the world, and the greater area has 23 million residents.
圣保罗的地铁线路变得拥挤和地铁系统本身的关系不大, 更多是因为城市人口的数量; 圣保罗是世界上第12大人口城市, 拥有超过一千两百万名居民, 且更大的区域有两千三年百万名居民.

> Steven Jobs: Speech in Standford - 7.23 2019
I am honored to be with you today at the commencement from one of the finest universities in the world.
I never graduated from college. Truth be told, this is the closest I've ever gotten to a college graduation.
Today I want to three stories from my life. That's it. No big deal. Just three stories.

- The first story is about connecting the dots.
I dropped out of Reed College after the first six months, but then stayed around as a drop-in for another 18 months or so
before I really quit.So why did I drop out?
It started before I was born. My biological mother was a young, unwed college graduate student, and she decided to put me up for adoption.
She felt very strongly that I should be adopted by college graduates, so everything was all set for me to be adopted at birth
by a lawyer and his wife. Except that when I popped out they decided at the last time that they really wanted a girl.
So my parents, who were on a waiting list, got a call in the middle of the night asking: "We have an unexpected baby boy, do you want him?"
They said: "Of course." My biological mother later found out that my mother had never graduated from college and that my father
had never graduated from high school. She refused to sign the final adoptions papers. She only relented a few months later when my parents
promised that I would someday go to college.
And 17 years later I did go to college. But I naively chose a college that was almost as expensive as Stanford, and all of my working-class
parents' saving were being spent on my college tuition. After six months, I couldn't see the value in it.
I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life and no idea how college was going to help me figure it out.
And here I was spending all of the money my parents had saved their entire life. So I decided to drop out and trust that
it would all work out OK. It was pretty scary at the time, but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the requiring class that didn't interest me,
and begin dropping in on the ones that looked interesting.

It wasn't all romantic, I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends' rooms, I returned coke bottles for the 5$ deposits
to buy food with, and I would walk the 7 miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hare Krishna temple.
I love it. And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on.
Let me give you one example:
Reed College at that time offered perhaps the best calligraphy instruction in the country. Throughout the campus every poster,
every label on every drawer, was beautiful hand calligraphed. Because I had dropped out and didn't have to take the normal classes,
I decided to take a calligraphy class to learn how to do this. I learned about serif and san serif typefaces, about what makes great
typography great. It was beautiful, historical, artistically subtle in a way that science can't capture, and I found it fascinating.

None of this had even a hope of any practical application in my life. But ten years later, when we were designing the first Macintosh computer,
it all came back to me. And we designed it all into the Mac. It was the first computer with beautiful typography.
If I had never dropped in on that single course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple typefaces or proportionally spaced fonts.
And since Windows just copied the Mac, it's likely that no personal computer would have them.
If I had never dropped out, I would have never dropped in on this calligraphy class, and personal computers might not have
the wonderful typography that they do. Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college.
But it was very, very clear looking backwards ten years later.

Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that
the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.
This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.

- My second story is about love and loss.
I was lucky--I found what I loved to do early in life. Woz and I started Apple in my parents garage when I was 20.
We worked hard,  and in 10 years Apple had grown from just the two of us in a garage into a $2 billion company with over 4000 employees.
We had just released our finest creation--the Macintosh--a year earlier, and I had just turned 30. And then I got fired.
How can you get fired from a company you started? Well, as Apple grew we hired someone who I thought was very talented to
run the company with me, and for the first year or so things went well. But then our visions of the future began to diverge
and eventually we had a falling out. When we did, out Board of Directors sided with him.
So at 30 I was out. And very publicly out. What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone, and it was devastating.

I really didn't know what to do for a few months. I felt that I had let the previous generation of entrepreneurs down--that I had
dropped the baton as it was being passed to me. I met with David Packard and bob Noyce and tried to apologize for screwing up so badly.
I was a very public failure, and I even thought about running away from the valley. But something slowly began to dawn on me--I still
love what I did. The turn of events at Apple had not changed that one bit. I had been rejected, but I was still in love.
And so I decided to start over.

I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me.
The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything.
It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.

During the next five years, I started a company named NeXT, another company named Pixar, and fell in love with an amazing woman
who would become my wife. Pixar went on to create the worlds first computer animated feature film, Toy Story, and is now
the most successful animation studio in the world. In a remarkable turn of events, Apple bought NeXT, I returned to Apple,
and the technology we developed at NeXT is at the heart of Apple's current renaissance.
And Laurene and I have a wonderful family together.

I'm pretty sure none of this would have happened if I hadn't been fired from Apple. It was awful tasting medicine, but I guess
the patient needed it.
I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You've got to find what you love.
And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly to do great work is to love what you do.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking, don't settle.
As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship,
it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don't settle.

- My third story is about death.
When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like: "If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most
certainly be right." It made an impression on me, and since then, for the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror
every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?"
And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.

Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.
Because almost everything--all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure--these things
just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.

About a year ago, I was diagnosed with cancer. I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas.
I didn't even know what a pancreas was. The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable,
and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months, My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order,
which is doctor's code for prepare to die. It means to try to tell your kids everything you thought you'd have the next 10 years
to tell them in just a few months. It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible
for your family. It means to say your goodbyes.

I lived with that diagnosis all day. Later that evening I had a biopsy, where they stuck an endoscope down my throat,
through my stomach and into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor.
I was sedated, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started
crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery.
I had the surgery and I'm fine now.

This was the closest I've been to facing death, and I hope it's the closest I get for a few more decades.
Having lived through it, I can now say this to you with a bit more certainly than
when death was a useful but purely intellectual concept:

No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there.
And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it.
And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent.
It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now,
you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it is quite ture.

Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't be trapped by dogma--which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
Don't let the noise of other's opinions drawn out your own inner voice.
And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.

When I was young, there was an amazing publication called The Whole Earth Catalog, which was one of the bibles of my generation.
It was created by a fellow named Stewart Brand not far from here in Menlo Park, and he brought it to life with poetic touch.
This was in the late 1960's, before personal computers and desktop publishing, so it was all made with typewriters, scissors,
and polaroid cameras. It was sort of like Google in paperback form, 35 years before Google came along: it was idealistic,
and overflowing with neat tools and great notions.

Stewart and his team put out several issues of The Whole Earth Catalog, and then when it had run its course,
they put out a final issue. It was the mid-1970s, and I was your age.
On the back cover of their final issue was a photograph of an early morning country road,
the kind you might find yourself hitchhiking on if you were so adventurous. Beneath it were the words:
"Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish."
It was their farewell message as they signed off. Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish
And I have always wished that for myself. And now, as you graduate to begin anew, I wish that for you.

Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish. Thank you all very much.

> A Brief History of World Commercial Fishing    ★★★
As is shown in the pictures, we can see clearly that with the increase of commercial fishing, the amount of fishes steeply decreased.
In one picture, there was a great deal of fish and only one fishing-boat in 1990.
On the contrary, in 1995 there was only one fish, but lots of fishing-boat.

The purpose of this picture is to tell us that we should pay more attention to the current condition of ocean resources.
As a result of over-fishing, the amount of fishes has obviously decreased, compare to 1990.
We won't know where fish is in the future if we let this situation go as it is.
By that time, our environment will suffer a great destruction.

Consequently, it is imperative for us to take drastic measures.
For one thing, our authorities should make more strict laws to restrict commercial fishing.
For another, we should enhance the awareness of people that the ocean resources are really critical to us and to realize the significance of sustainable developing.
Only in this way can we protect our ocean resources and able to see more fishes in the future pictures.
Also, I convinced that we, human beings, can improve this situation and will have a bright future.

> An American girl in Chinese costume    ★★★★★
The picture vividly depicts a lovely American girl in traditional Chinese costume with a sweet smile on her face.
She wears ribbons, necklaces and other accessories that are characteristic of the clothes of a certain Chinese minority group.
Undoubtedly, the costume has added oriental charm to her beautiful features.

What the picture conveys goes far beyond merely a new fashion trend.
Instead, it carries cultural blending implications as well.
The fact that people from different countries are attracted to mysterious Chinese culture indicates that to some extent a culture can be accepted, respected, appreciated and shared internationally.
In other words, a nation's unique/distinctive culture can become international through world wide economic and cultural exchanges.
Since the trend of globalization becomes irresistible, the increasing cultural exchanges can effectively improve mutual understanding and friendship.

It is my view that national culture as priceless spiritual treasure should be preserved and cherished.
Meanwhile, there are good reasons to advocate international culture for those ideas from the other cultures, controversial or even absurd at first sight, can provide a different perspective for us to observe the world in the long run.
Nevertheless, where we are confronted with a different culture, we should be sensible enough to absorb its essence and to resist its dark side.
Only in this way can we promote cultural development positively and make our world multidimensional, colorful and vigorous.

> Idol Worship    ★★★
As is vividly depicted in the photos above, Beckham, the smart British football superstar, is enjoying a striking popularity among the adolescents.
In the first picture, Beckham's name appears on a young man's face.
The caption indicates that worship for the idol is written on the face.
In the second photograph, another young people is doing Beckham's chic hairstyle in a barbershop.
We are informed that he is spending 300 yuan imitating his idol's haircut.

Undoubtedly, the picture have subtly reflected the social phenomenon that idol worship is prevalent among the teenagers nowadays.
Beckham represents the image of sport hero whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans.
Likewise, several teenage girls won their fame overnight in the 2005 Super Girl Contest in China, which provoked nationwide noisy debates on the value and harm of admiring these idols.
Briefly speaking, young people are inclined to idolize the people who excel in appearance, intelligence or talent.

Hence, idolatry, the thought-provoking social phenomenon, is a double-edged sword which can exert profound influence on the growth of young people.
If we simply worship the idols by imitating their hairstyle or pursuing fashions unreasonably, the obsession will certainly waste us a great deal of time and money, endangering the efficiency of our work.
On the contrary, we will lead a positive and fruitful life if we endeavor to improve ourselves by bridging the gap between our models and us.
Accordingly, the latter attitude should be adopted to direct our way of life.

> Master of Engineering    ★★★★★
The diagram above clearly illustrates that dramatic elevation has occurred in the recruitment of Master of Engineering(ME) in the past seven years.
According to the statistics given above, we may conclude that the recruitment of ME was on steady rise from 1998 to 2004.
In 1998, the number was at a low level, only about 2500.
Surprisingly, it reached to more than 35000 in 2004 within no more than seven years.

Some driving factors that contribute to the above-mentioned changes may be summarized as follows.
First and foremost, China has become particularly active in manufacturing, which leads to the increased demand of qualified engineers.
In addition, the development of job market on the whole cannot keep pace with the expansion of college graduates, which obliges a large number of students to stay on campus for another three years to get better prepared for their career.
Last but not least, working pressure is another reason.
Taking all these factors into account, we may predict that with speedy development of our society, the number of recruitment of ME will keep growing in the forthcoming decade.

On the other side of the coin, however, this tendency may bring about a good many problems, such as the waste of talent.
It is necessary for us to take effective measures to ensure this situation doesn't get out of hand, and encourage students to choose majors in which theoretical knowledge and practical skills will be demanded in the job market.

> Self-Confidence    ★★★★★
It is symbolically illustrated in the cartoon that a striker is preparing to shoot at the goal defended by a goalkeeper on a football field.
In the goalkeeper's mind, he is so much smaller than he actually is that guarding the goal becomes a mission impossible.
On the contrary, the giant guard seems to fill up the whole goal in the attacking player's mind.

The purpose of the drawing is to show us that in the face of seemingly insurmountable challenges or predicament, possessing self-confidence is of utmost significance.
Regardless of how much success one has had in school or at work, there are bound to be times when he or she will encounter problems.
It is at these critical times that his self-confidence, towards difficultly and life in general, eventually plays a crucial role in determining whether he can turn failure into victory.

I can think of no better illustration than the following one.
Helen Keller was born deaf, dumb and blind, certainly nothing to give her self-confidence.
Nevertheless, she went on to conquer her multiple handicaps to finally become a writer and lecturer, to become an inspiration to all.
This case effectively clarifies that no matter what tasks we are confronted with, we should never overestimate the difficulties or underestimate our abilities.

> Choice    ★★★
As is vividly shown in the cartoon, for undergraduate college students, deciding what to do upon graduation can be a tough decision to say the least.
For the vast majority of students, the choice is among finding a job, pursuing postgraduate studies, going abroad or starting one's own career.
And below the drawing, there is a topic which says: "Choice".

When making the decision, students should consider a variety of factors, including their personal preferences, financial status and career plans.
The first factor that they should consider is their own personal preferences.
Some students may have entrepreneurial ambitions and dream of running their own business.
The second factor that undergraduate students should consider is their financial situation.
Some students or their families are able to support the tuition fee of postgraduate studies or studying overseas, while for others it would be too much of financial strain.
The final factor that students should take into account is their intended career.
Students who make the wrong choice could be faced with disappointing career prospects, or end up wasting their time and money.

When it comes time for university graduates to decide their next step in life, there is no one right or wrong choice for everyone.
Rather, each student must reach his or her own conclusion and picking the route which is the most prosper for themselves.
With due consideration of personal preferences, financial status and career goals, students can improve their chances of making optimal choice.

> Mutual Support    ★★★★
In the first cartoon, three decades ago, along the road walked a young and vigorous mother, leading her beloved daughter hand in hand, with a sweet smile on her beautiful face.
On the contrary, nowadays the daughter in the prim of her life is supporting her aged mother with her firm arm in the second portrayal.
And below the drawing, there is a topic which says: "mutual support".

The aim of the picture is to illustrate that practicing filial piety is of great importance in our current society.
For one thing, we have inherited this world from our parents and grandparents.
If not for the hard work of the past generations, including the aged among us, the modern society that we enjoy today would not be possible.
For another, the senior citizens have worked hard to provide for their families, for society and for young generations.
The majority of them have led struggles to create their better living and working conditions for posterity.

To sum up, it is tradition in China to respect the elderly and to take care of the young.
It can be exemplified by giving up our seats on the bus for someone older, by inviting our parents to live with us once they retire, and listening to their advice about personal or work problems.
Although some of the Chinese traditions are disappearing, one tradition should never fade away is that of looking after the elderly.

> Gathering in an era of Mobile Phone    ★★★★
As is shown in the portrayal, four youngsters are sitting at a table, being ready to have meal.
Unfortunately, instead of drinking and eating in front of a variety of delicious and nutritious dishes, each of them is holding a mobile phone and staring at the screen, with no thought of chatting or eating at all.
We are informed: Gathering in an era of mobile phone.

Like the Internet, mobile phones benefit people hugely.
With mobile phones, the home will become a library, a school, an office and an entertainment center.
All transactions, from banking to shopping, will be performed electronically and all information, from train schedules to discount-price goods, will be as close as the press of a key.
On the contrary, despite the increase in efficiency and convenience generated by digital products, the changes it brings could very well lead to potentially adverse consequence.
For instance, as nearly all activities could be conducted on mobile phones, we could all become a hermit-like, never feeling any need to leave the screen.
This would be unfortunate because we will become so addicted to virtual world that we might never be exposed to social interaction in reality.

From the preceding discussion, it is readily apparent that mobile phone, as an increasingly popular form of communication among people, has both its upsides and downsides.
To be sure, the mobile phone can be used by young people in productive and useful ways.
However, the adolescents must be sure to limit the time they spend on digital products, or their academic work and social life will eventually pay the price.

> Set An Example    ★★★★
In the pictures above are a father and his beloved son.
In the left cartoon, smoking a cigarette and sitting in a sofa comfortably, the father is watching a football match on TV and shouting: "Son, study hard for me!"
On the contrary, in the right portrayal, the father is studying together with his son, both totally absorbed in their books at 9 p.m.
The caption indicates, "Instead of merely making a request, set an example."

The purpose of the pictures is to show us that utmost significance should be attached to practicing what you preach.
On the one hand, parents teach much more by their actions than by their words.
Some of them may say to their children, "don't say four-letter words about so and so," but before long the children may hear them criticize their friends and neighbors with bad language.
On the other hand, parenting is such a crucial responsibility, yet there are no required courses to prepare one to undertake this role in life.
The only learning is the example from one's own parents.

To sum up, parents are the best teachers.
Obviously, if parents' actions don't conflict with their own words, they would have the opportunity to be outstanding examples of their children.
Just as an old saying goes: "Action speaks louder than words."

> Possessing Books    ★★★★★
In the cartoons above are two men treating books in completely diverse ways.
In the first caricature, facing hundreds of books on the shelf, a man is speaking proudly: "I have so many books!"
On the contrary, in the second drawing, facing merely one book in the desk, another person is talking to himself: "I will exert my effort to finish reading 20 books this year."
We are informed: "Owning Books and Reading Books."

The aim of the portrayals is to show us that action speaks louder than words.
Ambition is nothing without action, whereas action is perfectly possible without ambition as is evidenced by impulsive people.
Let us consider for instance Leonardo Da Vinci.
In his life he created many brilliant works of art and invented many machines that surpassed the technology of his time, such as the helicopter.
If he had only been an ambitious man, he would have no doubt left us with nice artifacts.
Yet, Da Vinci as a man of action who could not sit still, so he produced a dazzling legacy of painting and inventions.

Generally speaking, ambition and action are both essential in determining whether we flourish or fall behind.
The former give us the drive and direction to move forward, while the latter enables us to implement our vision and make the things happen.
Just as the famous British philosopher John Locke said, "The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts."

> Resign & Apology Letter
Dear Mr.Wang,
    I am much grateful to be employed by you two months ago as an editor for your magazine Design & Fashions.
I appreciate the opportunity of having worked here with you and other colleagues.
The experiences will be unforgettable throughout my life.
    However, as a young man whose primary interest is in computer science rather than fashion designing, I find my present job doesn't fall in with my previous training and strength.
I therefore decide to quit this job for something else that may conform to my educational background.
    Please accept my sincere apologies for any inconvenience my leaving may cause.
                                                                                                             Your truly,
                                                                                                             Li Ming

> Apology & Advice Letter
Dear Bob,
    I'm writing to apologize for having forgotten to return the "the Beatles" CD to you when I left Canada.
I was in such a hurry that I packed everything in my luggage without checking carefully.
Had I paid more attention then, I wouldn't have made such a stupid mistake.
    Now something must be done to solve this problem because I understand you cherish the CD enormously.
I can either send it to you by express mailor alternatively compensate you a reasonable price.
If you do not mind, I may bring it back to you next time I go Canada.
    Please let me know which solution you prefer at your earliest convenience.
I really hope you will accept my sincere apology.
                                                                                                       Faithfully yours,
                                                                                                       Li Ming