
>>> Independent Book Stores Growing in the US
Small and independent book stores in neighborhoods across the US are places to discover new book and make friends
about 20 years ago closing enlarge number because of competition from large bs and online book sales
but about 10 years ago, something had unusual change
come back to life
number of store is growing
many people buy their book called: one more page book
she like the personal service at small book store
pay attention to the kinds of book peoples like to read
love person service in the bs
they have book club, just buy book and make friends
looks through unusual
special place for peoples to come,
live nearby, open 8 years ago
grow by 35% between 2009 and 2015, the book sales
2040 book   5% over the passed year
specialized children books
over the pass year
open 11 years ago
providing many different kind of book
a lot of friends
we try to serving them as well
children book and said
brought and look for things to catch my eye, instead online
sometimes become a home
WS.DC for work
did not think es can replace real book store
If you don't have a nice book to pass down to your grandkids or their grandkids, you just kind of lose that sense of history and tradition for your family.
you can meet the writers
local writer, he is talking to consumer about his latest book
performing songs,
came to support eight mark, i have been here
care about spaces like this and that we want them to continue
keep going what we do well
enough to support us
>>> Long live the king (to Michael Jackson) - Madonna
MJ was born in August 1968, so was i.
MJ grew up in the suburbs of the Midwest, so did i.
MJ had eight brothers and sisters, so do i.
When MJ was six, he became a superstar, and was perhaps the world's most beloved child.
When I was six, my mother died.
I think he got the shorter end of the stick.
I never had a mother, but he never had a childhood.
And when you never get to have something, you became obsessed by it.
I spend my childhood searching for my mother's figures.
Sometime I was successful, but how do you recreate your childhood when you under the magnifying glass of the world for your entire life.
There was no question that MJ was one of the greatest talents the world has ever known.
That when he sang a song at the ripe old age of eight he could make you feel like an experienced adult was squeezing your heart with this words.
That when he moved he had the elegant of Fred Astaire and packed the punch of Muhammad Ali.
That his music had an extra layer of inexplicable magic that didn't just just make you want to dance but actually made you believe you could fly,
dare to dream, be the anything that you wanna to be.
Because that is what heroes do that MJ was a hero.

He perform in soccer stadiums around the world, and sold hundreds of millions of records and dined with prime ministers and presidents.
Girls fell in love with him, boys fell in love with him, everyone wanted to dance like him.
He seemed otherworldly - but he was a human being.
Like most performers he was shy and plagued with insecurities.
I can't say we were great friends, but in 1991 i decided I wanted to try to get to know him better.
I asked him out to dinner, I said: "My treat, I'll drive--just you and me".
He agreed and showed up to my house without any bodyguards.
We drove to the restaurant in my car.
It was dark out, but he was still wearing sunglasses.
I said: "M, I feel like I'm talking to a limousine. Do you think you can take off your glasses so I can see your eyes?"
He paused for a moment then he tossed the glasses out the window, looked at me with a wink and a smile and said:
"Can you see me now? Is that better?"
In that moment, I could see both his vulnerable and his charm. The rest of the dinner, I was hellbent on getting him to eat French fries,
drink wine, have dessert and say bad words. Things he never seemed to allow himself to do.
Later we went back to my house to watch a movie and sat on the couch like two kids, and somewhere in the middle of the movie,
his hand snuck over my and held mine. It felt like he was looking for a friend more than a romance, and I was happy to oblige.
In that moment, he didn't feel like a superstar. He felt like a human being.
We went out a few more times together, and then for one reason or another we fell out of touch.
Then the witch hunt began, and it seemed like one negative story after another was coming out about M.
I felt his pain, I know what it's like to walk down the street and feel like the whole world is turn against you.
I know what it's like to feel helpless and unable to defend yourself because the roar of the lynch mob is so loud
you feel like you voice can never be heard.
But I had a childhood, and I was allowed to make mistakes and find my own way in the world without the glare of the spotlight.

When I first heard that MJ had died, I was in London, days away from the start of my tour. M was going to perform in the same venue as me a week later.
All I could think about in this moment was, "I had abandoned him." That we had abandoned him.
That we had allowed this magnificent creature who had once set the world on fire to somehow slip through the cracks.

While he was trying to build a family and rebuild his career, we were all passing judgement.
Most of us had turn our backs on him.
In the desperate attempt to hold on to his memory, I went on the internet to watch old clips of him dancing and singing on TV and on stage
and I though: "OMG, he was so unique, so original, so rare, and there will never be anyone like him again. He was a king."
But he was also a human being, and alas we're all human beings and sometimes we have to lose things before we can appreciate them.
I want to end this on a positive note and say that my sons, age nine and four, are obsessed with MJ.
There is a whole lot of crotch grabbing and moon-walking going on in my house.
And, it seems like a whole new generation of kids have discovered his genius and are bringing him to life again.
I hold that wherever MJ is right now he is smiling about this.
Yes, Yes, MJ was a human being but he was a king, Long live the king.
